README.md, before:

# UptoDL <img src="https://i.imgur.com/4a9nZ4D.png" width="40">
## Free Uptobox/Uptostream downloader


<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/aTmDLFW.png"></a>
</h1>

<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL/archive/refs/heads/main.zip"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/AkmPYPk.png" width="250"></a>
</h1>

## 🚀 Features

- Download without time limit.
- Download without connection restrictions.
- Be able to choose the quality of the video content to download.

UptoDL allows you to download content from Uptobox/Uptostream servers at high speed and without waiting.

## ⬇️ Installation

- Install the latest version of [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) : https://www.python.org/downloads/

- Install the latest version of [Firefox]("https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/") : https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/

- Install [this dependency](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-GB/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170), used by the Selenium module : https://learn.microsoft.com/en-GB/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/dQIeyo4.png">

- Install the packages needed to run the tool.

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Run `UptoDL.py`.


## 🧪 Usage

### Download from Uptobox/Uptostream servers :

Just run the Python script, or the realease executable, and wait for the loading to finish. Then enter an Uptobox/Uptostream link. Wait for the end of the loading and select a quality to download. Wait again for the end of the download and the compilation. After that, you will have your final video file.

**⚠️ WARNING : You MUST have at least one minute of content on Uptostream. The platform gives away about 2 hours for free. You must have at least one to start downloading.**


## 🔧 Credits

- Nathoune<br>
    Discord : `Nathoune#6622`<br>
    Email : `nathoune987@proton.me`<br>
    GitHub : https://github.com/Nathoune987


## ❓ Suggestions

If you have any questions or suggestions, please open an [issue](https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL/issues). 
<h1 align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/PBtR0wF.png" width=150>
</h1>

## 💸Donations

If you like this project or want to support it, you can make donations.

Ethereum : 
```
0x43f7B5b062AD6c560ca0B46B8F2D11c64df2B0AD
```
Bitcoin :
```
bc1q32pf2lg98l273jhvrq8d4kk9jumqt8y8jhfpmp
```

<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/kEVhT09.png"></a>
</h1>

Commit message:

Update with the proxy system

README.md, after:

# UptoDL <img src="https://i.imgur.com/4a9nZ4D.png" width="40">

## Uptobox/Uptostream downloader without waiting time.


<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/aTmDLFW.png"></a>
</h1>

<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL/archive/refs/heads/main.zip"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/AkmPYPk.png" width="250"></a>
</h1>

## 🚀 Features

- Download without time limit.
- Download without connection restrictions.
- Be able to choose the quality of the video content to download.
- Anonymous download from Tor proxy.

UptoDL is a script for downloading videos hosted on Uptobox/Uptostream. It takes care of downloading the two independent multimedia outputs of the video file in question, then assembles them. There's no more waiting between downloads using Tor proxies.

## ⬇️ Installation

- Install the latest version of [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) : https://www.python.org/downloads/

- Install the latest version of [Firefox]("https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/") : https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/

- Install [this dependency](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-GB/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170), used by the Selenium module : https://learn.microsoft.com/en-GB/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/dQIeyo4.png">

- Install the packages needed to run the tool.

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Run `UptoDL.py`.


## 🧪 Usage

### Download from Uptobox/Uptostream servers :

Just run the Python script and wait for the Tor and Firefox proxies to load. Then enter an Uptobox/Uptostream link. Wait for the loading to finish and select a quality to download. Wait again for the upload to finish and compile. After that you will have your final video file.

## 🔧 Credits

- Nathoune<br>
    Discord : `Nathoune#6622`<br>
    Email : `nathoune987@proton.me`<br>
    GitHub : https://github.com/Nathoune987


## ❓ Suggestions

If you have any questions or suggestions, please open an [issue](https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL/issues). 
<h1 align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/PBtR0wF.png" width=150>
</h1>

## 💸Donations

If you like this project or want to support it, you can make donations.

Ethereum : 
```
0x43f7B5b062AD6c560ca0B46B8F2D11c64df2B0AD
```
Bitcoin :
```
bc1q32pf2lg98l273jhvrq8d4kk9jumqt8y8jhfpmp
```

<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nathoune987/UptoDL"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/kEVhT09.png"></a>
</h1>
